# Machine Learning Base

## Random Bits

make sure ya could receive mail through NTU COOL

live: ask questions (prioritized), interactions...

mail to the mailbox is automatically forwarded to all 7 TA and HTL, so this is the recommended way.

"Learning from Data": HTL and his Caltech prof.; basically covering the course "Machine Learning Base"

Book is obtainable at Chuan-Hwa (Ms. Jen Huang (jen@chwa.com.tw, 0958-008-962)), also Amazon Kindle, but the latter is utterly expensive.

Grades:
Raw scores are determined by HW and project,
Grades are then determined by some edge cases.

HW discussions are encouraged, but make sure you don't cheat.

HW are in multi-choice problem form; some problems with undercut included.
Submission shall include 詳解, which would be under random inspection.
12hr 90%, 24hr 80%, etc.
4 golden medals, each 12hr more time for free.

$\frac{1}{3}$ to $\frac{1}{4}$ are programming questions
No limit on your language, but you shall contact TA if your package is absurdily powerful and it results in 3 line Hello-World program.
Some expected languages would be given; case by case in general.

Final Project: In-Class machine learning competition

Slido
https://app.sli.do/event/133m3gni
\#A068

# Misc QA

- HW0 answers?
  nope, unfortunately
- Isn't final project too... 大神凱瑞全場?
  - 神は死んだ
  - report content
  - group contribution ratio
- Final project training platform?
  - worst case: your own
    - 模型的了解、分析以及實際使用也很重要
    - 會盡量避免變成軍備競賽模式
  - but we'll try to find some fairer resources...
- 密集課程停修事宜?
  - ask school
- ML skills for 109_2?
  - presumably it's only 109_1 for now. Next time it's 110_1.
- homework computer requirement?
  - shall be minimal.
- 邊緣人?
  - discussion forum or live class would provide some opptunities.
  - but the loading is the same across teams, so it's important to find some.
- 日本一番大金?
  - Their course is more recent, our is more classic.
  - But we're also updating the course materials.
- possibilities of other forms of final?
  - not likely, for now
- 工作站帳號for外系?
  - TBA
- schedule?
  - [here](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~htlin/course/ml20fall/)
- final project time duration?
  - no hackathon
  - 6 to 8 weeks
  - 組隊是自己的責任；課程僅提供平台
- slido is the official QA during course
- 選擇題對的、詳解錯的?
  - no score
- *Grace Score*
- notations on whom we discussed with?
  - not required.
