# 0929, Tue

## HW

Homework is pretty minimalistic: just do only what the homework asks you to do
Supposedly a question want to you explain why you explain some option, you could just explain the option you chose; suppose the question just want a choice in choices, just give your choice.
> 最簡單的回答

Signature Feature: HW is (much) harder than course material :)
> It's a feature, not a bug
Learn what's outside of courses

- 自我探索
- 課程畢竟只有4小時 per week, 希望大家的收穫可以不只這4個小時

## Human Learning?

- 對稱
- Logic truth table
- Count

Human learning have lots of diversity, so machine learning is also hard: how to judge if the $g$ *hypothesis* is *good*?
Even though we all agree on given data, new data could still have controversies..., how can we do ML?
Many applications don't quite focus on accuracy of old data; we often care more on new, unseen data, e.g. stock prediction

*No Free Lunch*
If we don't kinda *imagine* what your underlying $f$ is, the *g* can always be argued wrong!

We want that *with some assumptions, we could argue if learnt $g$ is good*

## Deal with the Learning Problem

*Inference*

e.g.: we could inference, with theory of probability, that through sampling we could argue what distribution a black box of marbles is.
(*Hoeffding's Inequality*)
__PAC__ *Probably Approximately Correct*

### Verify
Supposedly there's underlying distribution, we could utilize it to argue that the fixed $h$ is probably approximate correct.

green: $f$ and $h$ agree
orange: they don't agree

## Towards ML

丟五次，一個D
再丟5次，又一個D
希望我們沒有遇到一個炸掉的D
也就是希望有個 criterion 告訴我們踩到雷包 D 的機率

## Question

1. Sampling... need *i.i.d.*, seems not agree with the bucket assumption
  We don't know. We just believe.
  Sometimes we instead know they AREN'T independent, e.g. stock market
  We just do, and see if we could get more independent sampling, or think of a way to compensate the error due to dependencies.
2. Chebbyshef? Binomial?
  The are all Concentration Inequalities.
  Hoeffding is a relatively easy one, and suit our need here, so we use it.
3. Why fixed $h$?
  Hoeffding is easier to explain this way; we'll talk about other ways later.
4. Why could over-fitting happen, when we have guarantee of Hoeffding?
  > 多個 hypothesis 會放大我們「不好」的運氣
  e.g. multiple person tossing coins; there's almost always that European/African guy that have all their coins the same side.


