# ML, AI, and Human

More often than not, e.g. logistic learning, we may have some guarantee on some figure stating the fate of ourselves; but how to interprete them? This isn't answered in our current ML lecture; it's more likely what an AI should do. This is an area to be explored, s.t. patients can figure this out themselves, or doctors may have more convenient tool to do this.

That is,
1. The hypothesis itself takes effort to make
2. Merely getting an hypothesis isn't enough; we need interpretation.

# Logistic

Assume the oracle being $f(\bm{x}) = P( +1 | \bm{x} )$, then we could imaging that suppose we're given data set $D$ and corresponding answers, that $f$ would generate this set of answer is relatively easy, that is, $f$ have high probability to generate this exact answers.

Under this assumption, we could further assume that "if $h$ is good hypothesis, then $h$ should also generate this exact set of answers corresponding to $D$ relatively easily".

Statistics say that, under certain assumptions, e.g. target in hypothesis, you can proof that it's good to use maximum likelyhood.

# My Questions

- How do you measure VC Dimension for logistic learning problem?

# QA

- when f isn't so good, e.g. when we have noise or we're bad luck, does this still work?
  - no, it would affect: 資料爛就是資料爛
  - we could somehow try to mitigate the effects of noise... TBA!
    - outlier removal
    - other error function
  - on the other hand, we're *soft formulation* here, since we here, not like PLA, 包容一些soft error, they just cost some scores.
